README.md, before:

# UX Works - Feature Prioritization Game

[![CI](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPO/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPO/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![E2E Tests](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPO/workflows/E2E%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPO/actions/workflows/e2e-tests.yml)
[![Deploy](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPO/workflows/Deploy%20to%20Vercel/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPO/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

A realtime, multiplayer feature prioritization tool for product and UX teams.

## Overview

UX Works lets teams collaboratively prioritize features through a simple point allocation game. A host creates a session with features, invites teammates via a shareable link, and everyone allocates 100 points across features. Results are displayed in realtime with charts and exportable data.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14 (App Router), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Framer Motion
- **Backend**: Supabase (PostgreSQL + Realtime)
- **Hosting**: Vercel
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Analytics**: Plausible (placeholder)

## Quick Start

### 1. Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm/yarn/pnpm
- Supabase account ([supabase.com](https://supabase.com))

### 2. Supabase Setup

1. Create a new Supabase project
2. Run the migration script in the SQL Editor:
   ```sql
   -- Copy contents of supabase/migrations/001_initial_schema.sql
   ```
3. (Optional) Run seed data for testing:
   ```sql
   -- Copy contents of supabase/seed.sql
   ```
4. Get your project URL and anon key from Project Settings > API

### 3. Local Development

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Create `.env.local`:
   ```bash
   cp .env.local.example .env.local
   ```

3. Add your Supabase credentials to `.env.local`:
   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your-project-url
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-anon-key
   ```

4. Run the dev server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### 4. Testing Locally

1. Open the app in 2-3 browser windows
2. Create a session in window 1
3. Copy the session link and open in windows 2 & 3
4. Join as different players
5. Host starts the game
6. Each player allocates points
7. View realtime results

## Project Structure

```
ux-works/
├── src/
│   ├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   │   ├── api/               # API routes
│   │   ├── create/            # Session creation page
│   │   ├── session/[id]/      # Session pages (lobby, vote, results)
│   │   ├── layout.tsx         # Root layout
│   │   └── page.tsx           # Landing page
│   ├── components/            # React components
│   │   ├── ui/               # Base UI components
│   │   ├── FeatureCard.tsx   # Feature voting card
│   │   ├── PlayerList.tsx    # Realtime player list
│   │   └── ResultsChart.tsx  # Results visualization
│   ├── lib/
│   │   ├── supabase/         # Supabase clients & types
│   │   ├── hooks/            # Custom React hooks
│   │   └── utils/            # Utilities & validation
│   └── types/                # TypeScript definitions
├── supabase/
│   ├── migrations/           # Database schema
│   └── seed.sql             # Test data
└── public/                   # Static assets
```

## API Endpoints

| Endpoint | Method | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| `/api/session` | POST | Create new session |
| `/api/session/:id/join` | POST | Join session as player |
| `/api/session/:id/start` | POST | Start voting (host only) |
| `/api/session/:id/vote` | POST | Submit votes |
| `/api/session/:id/results` | GET | Get aggregated results |
| `/api/session/:id/results/csv` | GET | Export results as CSV |

## Database Schema

### Tables

- **sessions**: Session metadata and status
- **features**: Features to prioritize
- **players**: Participants in each session
- **votes**: Point allocations

### Relationships

- Sessions → Features (one-to-many)
- Sessions → Players (one-to-many)
- Players + Features → Votes (many-to-many)

## Realtime Events

Supabase Realtime channels broadcast:
- Player joined
- Session started
- Player submitted votes
- Results ready

## Documentation

Comprehensive documentation is available:

- **[DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Complete deployment guide for Vercel with GitHub Actions
- **[GITHUB_ACTIONS.md](GITHUB_ACTIONS.md)** - CI/CD workflows documentation
- **[SECURITY_AUDIT.md](SECURITY_AUDIT.md)** - Security analysis and recommendations
- **[CLEANUP_SUMMARY.md](CLEANUP_SUMMARY.md)** - Codebase cleanup summary

## Deployment

For detailed deployment instructions, see **[DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md)**.

### Quick Deploy to Vercel

1. Push code to GitHub
2. Import repository in Vercel
3. Add environment variables:
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
   - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`
4. Deploy

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Description | Required |
|----------|-------------|----------|
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` | Your Supabase project URL | Yes |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` | Supabase anonymous key | Yes |
| `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` | Supabase service role key | Yes |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SENTRY_DSN` | Sentry error tracking DSN | Optional |
| `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_URL` | Upstash Redis URL for rate limiting | Optional |
| `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_TOKEN` | Upstash Redis token | Optional |

See [DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md) for complete environment setup.

## Features

### MVP (Current)

- [x] Session creation with custom features
- [x] Shareable join links
- [x] Realtime player lobby
- [x] Point allocation voting (100 points total)
- [x] Live vote tracking
- [x] Results with bar chart
- [x] CSV export
- [x] Responsive design

### Future Enhancements

- [ ] User authentication
- [ ] Session history
- [ ] Custom point totals
- [ ] Feature templates
- [ ] Team workspaces
- [ ] Advanced analytics
- [ ] Voting time limits
- [ ] Comments on features

## Development

### Type Checking

```bash
npm run type-check
```

### Linting

```bash
npm run lint
```

### Build

```bash
npm run build
```

## Architecture Decisions

### Why Supabase?

- Built-in realtime subscriptions
- PostgreSQL with Row Level Security
- Generous free tier
- Simple REST API
- No backend code required

### Why Next.js App Router?

- Server components for performance
- Built-in API routes
- File-based routing
- Excellent TypeScript support
- Vercel deployment optimization

### State Management

- React hooks for local state
- Supabase Realtime for shared state
- No Redux/Zustand needed (MVP scope)

## Contributing

This is an MVP. Contributions welcome after initial release.

## License

MIT

## Support

For issues or questions, please open a GitHub issue.

---

Built with Claude Code

Commit message:

chore: update README and CI/CD configurations for improved clarity and deployment process
- Updated README with new GitHub repository links and added sections for getting started and contribution guidelines.
- Enhanced GitHub Actions workflow for deployment to support both staging and production environments, including pre-deployment checks and smoke tests.
- Improved deployment summary notifications to provide clearer feedback on deployment status.

These changes aim to streamline the onboarding process for contributors and enhance the deployment workflow for better reliability and clarity.

README.md, after:

# UX Works - Feature Prioritization Game

[![CI](https://github.com/simantaparida/ux-play/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/simantaparida/ux-play/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![E2E Tests](https://github.com/simantaparida/ux-play/workflows/E2E%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/simantaparida/ux-play/actions/workflows/e2e-tests.yml)
[![Deploy](https://github.com/simantaparida/ux-play/workflows/Deploy%20to%20Vercel/badge.svg)](https://github.com/simantaparida/ux-play/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

A realtime, multiplayer feature prioritization tool for product and UX teams.

## Overview

UX Works lets teams collaboratively prioritize features through a simple point allocation game. A host creates a session with features, invites teammates via a shareable link, and everyone allocates 100 points across features. Results are displayed in realtime with charts and exportable data.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14 (App Router), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Framer Motion
- **Backend**: Supabase (PostgreSQL + Realtime)
- **Hosting**: Vercel
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Analytics**: Plausible (placeholder)

## Quick Start

### 1. Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm/yarn/pnpm
- Supabase account ([supabase.com](https://supabase.com))

### 2. Supabase Setup

1. Create a new Supabase project
2. Run the migration script in the SQL Editor:
   ```sql
   -- Copy contents of supabase/migrations/001_initial_schema.sql
   ```
3. (Optional) Run seed data for testing:
   ```sql
   -- Copy contents of supabase/seed.sql
   ```
4. Get your project URL and anon key from Project Settings > API

### 3. Local Development

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Create `.env.local`:
   ```bash
   cp .env.local.example .env.local
   ```

3. Add your Supabase credentials to `.env.local`:
   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your-project-url
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-anon-key
   ```

4. Run the dev server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### 4. Testing Locally

1. Open the app in 2-3 browser windows
2. Create a session in window 1
3. Copy the session link and open in windows 2 & 3
4. Join as different players
5. Host starts the game
6. Each player allocates points
7. View realtime results

## Project Structure

```
ux-works/
├── src/
│   ├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   │   ├── api/               # API routes
│   │   ├── create/            # Session creation page
│   │   ├── session/[id]/      # Session pages (lobby, vote, results)
│   │   ├── layout.tsx         # Root layout
│   │   └── page.tsx           # Landing page
│   ├── components/            # React components
│   │   ├── ui/               # Base UI components
│   │   ├── FeatureCard.tsx   # Feature voting card
│   │   ├── PlayerList.tsx    # Realtime player list
│   │   └── ResultsChart.tsx  # Results visualization
│   ├── lib/
│   │   ├── supabase/         # Supabase clients & types
│   │   ├── hooks/            # Custom React hooks
│   │   └── utils/            # Utilities & validation
│   └── types/                # TypeScript definitions
├── supabase/
│   ├── migrations/           # Database schema
│   └── seed.sql             # Test data
└── public/                   # Static assets
```

## API Endpoints

| Endpoint | Method | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| `/api/session` | POST | Create new session |
| `/api/session/:id/join` | POST | Join session as player |
| `/api/session/:id/start` | POST | Start voting (host only) |
| `/api/session/:id/vote` | POST | Submit votes |
| `/api/session/:id/results` | GET | Get aggregated results |
| `/api/session/:id/results/csv` | GET | Export results as CSV |

## Database Schema

### Tables

- **sessions**: Session metadata and status
- **features**: Features to prioritize
- **players**: Participants in each session
- **votes**: Point allocations

### Relationships

- Sessions → Features (one-to-many)
- Sessions → Players (one-to-many)
- Players + Features → Votes (many-to-many)

## Realtime Events

Supabase Realtime channels broadcast:
- Player joined
- Session started
- Player submitted votes
- Results ready

## Documentation

Comprehensive documentation is available:

### Getting Started
- **[GITHUB_SETUP.md](GITHUB_SETUP.md)** - 📋 **Start Here!** Complete guide to Git Flow, branch protection, and CI/CD setup
- **[CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)** - 🤝 How to contribute to this project
- **[DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Complete deployment guide for Vercel with GitHub Actions

### CI/CD & Development
- **[GITHUB_ACTIONS.md](GITHUB_ACTIONS.md)** - CI/CD workflows documentation
- **[SECURITY_AUDIT.md](SECURITY_AUDIT.md)** - Security analysis and recommendations
- **[CLEANUP_SUMMARY.md](CLEANUP_SUMMARY.md)** - Codebase cleanup summary

## Deployment

For detailed deployment instructions, see **[DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md)**.

### Quick Deploy to Vercel

1. Push code to GitHub
2. Import repository in Vercel
3. Add environment variables:
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
   - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`
4. Deploy

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Description | Required |
|----------|-------------|----------|
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` | Your Supabase project URL | Yes |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` | Supabase anonymous key | Yes |
| `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` | Supabase service role key | Yes |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SENTRY_DSN` | Sentry error tracking DSN | Optional |
| `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_URL` | Upstash Redis URL for rate limiting | Optional |
| `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_TOKEN` | Upstash Redis token | Optional |

See [DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md) for complete environment setup.

## Features

### MVP (Current)

- [x] Session creation with custom features
- [x] Shareable join links
- [x] Realtime player lobby
- [x] Point allocation voting (100 points total)
- [x] Live vote tracking
- [x] Results with bar chart
- [x] CSV export
- [x] Responsive design

### Future Enhancements

- [ ] User authentication
- [ ] Session history
- [ ] Custom point totals
- [ ] Feature templates
- [ ] Team workspaces
- [ ] Advanced analytics
- [ ] Voting time limits
- [ ] Comments on features

## Development

### Type Checking

```bash
npm run type-check
```

### Linting

```bash
npm run lint
```

### Build

```bash
npm run build
```

## Architecture Decisions

### Why Supabase?

- Built-in realtime subscriptions
- PostgreSQL with Row Level Security
- Generous free tier
- Simple REST API
- No backend code required

### Why Next.js App Router?

- Server components for performance
- Built-in API routes
- File-based routing
- Excellent TypeScript support
- Vercel deployment optimization

### State Management

- React hooks for local state
- Supabase Realtime for shared state
- No Redux/Zustand needed (MVP scope)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on:

- Development workflow and Git Flow branching strategy
- Code style guidelines and best practices
- Testing requirements
- Pull request process

### Quick Start for Contributors

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch from `develop`: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature`
3. Make your changes and add tests
4. Ensure all tests pass: `npm run test && npm run test:e2e`
5. Submit a PR to `develop` branch
6. Wait for review and CI checks to pass

See [GITHUB_SETUP.md](GITHUB_SETUP.md) for detailed Git Flow workflow and branch protection setup.

## License

MIT

## Support

For issues or questions, please open a GitHub issue.

---

Built with Claude Code
